Introduce an alternative day-4-afternoon: async (#492)
google/comprehensive-rust: src/async.md

# Async Rust

"Async" is a concurrency model where multiple tasks are executed concurrently by
executing each task until it would block, then switching to another task that is

> ready to make progress. The model scales to higher concurrency than threads

Reviewer: This sentence is a bit vague in my opinion. I prefer something like: 
```suggestion
ready to make progress. The model allows running a larger number of concurrent tasks on a limited number of threads...
```

because the per-task overhead is typically very low and operating systems

> provide means of efficiently selecting tasks that can make progress.

Reviewer: nit: It sounds like there is inherent OS support for async/await. Perhaps reword to something like "the async/await implementation relies on OS primitive to efficiently select the next tasks to run".

Author: I think I addressed this, but I'm happy for more editing :)

> 

Reviewer: Can you add a few words here about the concept of a "Future", since it is mentioned below?
